hello I'm Elizabeth since
and this is another one of our Christmas
2012 gift wrapping tips we've wrapped
with brown paper we've wrapped with maps
with record details and today we're
going really basic did you know that you
could print on brown paper bags from the
supermarket so have a look at this this
is a lunch bag from the supermarket a
sandwich bag I don't know if children
still take their sandwiches to school in
brown paper bags but there we are they
come in packs of 54 something like $2 20
I've put this through the printer this
gift is to my friend the Hendersons
Merry Christmas 2012 from Elizabeth when
you're putting this through the printer
just make sure you put the thicker end
in through first you might have to
experiment around to work out which way
your printer prints so that the image
that you put in here or the message that
you put on your bag is not upside-down
that takes a little bit of experimenting
but you can then put your gift inside
this printed paper bag I'm giving my
friend the Hendersons a book about the
patisserie is in Paris lovely pictures
of you know pastries and patisserie is
to visit when you're in Paris so that's
going into my bag
and let's press this up a little bit
I've made a cuff or a collar for the top
of the bag just to give it a bit of
color I've punched some holes in the top
and so now I'll feed through some
strength to seal this bag off you could
seal it off in a lot of different ways
something a little bit nicer than just
stapling the top would be good so I'm
just going to feed those through there
try it in a bow and that's it that's
running brown paper bags through the
printer as Christmas wrapping up to me
stay tuned for our next tip we're
counting down now to Christmas not very
many more tips I think we've got about
four more so stay tuned for those